Stan 275 here with another outer news
piece by sideshow collectibles this is
the rope comiket I think this was like
the 3rd and Adam uses collection about
seven
this one's uh one of my more favorite
ones I like a lot I don't have the
exclusive edition on this this is when I
first done in Saskatchewan collecting I
got this piece is one of my earlier
pizzas okay stop
basically the exclusive edition is a
printable that amuses on our part
this piece has a lot going on with
three-dimensional as you can see her
polemic love off basically just barely
coming off the detail and it's amazed
detail on her face is really cool too
this is from earlier robe and this is
from when her powers when she touched
you she would absorb your mutant powers
hence her pulling off the blood but you
obviously picked up someone super collar
because she's walking right through this
wall and I love this possum and it was a
really sexy body suit the older costume
you can see the bricks break that she's
breaking through these a loose this is
loose this is loose so that these are
two pieces here and our glove is another
piece and then there's a piece over here
oh no there's a piece on our leg this
piece this piece on this piece are the
three bricks that are separate and you
can attach on and then her hand pops up
right here at the wrist just like in the
robe in the hood green eyes lipstick the
color change in her hair Adam Hughes did
a great job with this piece this piece
that I have here is number 4 22 out of
1,500 I don't know how many of the
exclusive Edition was probably like 750
I'm just spinning it kind of slow cuz
she does tilt a little see you do got to
be careful you know knock on the work
haven't broken a statue yet don't plan
on it actually if you pan down low you
can see all the great detail the cracks
in the wall the cement the cement on the
ground the tile on the ground it's
obviously walking from somewhere inside
to the outside looks like a bathroom
tiles
it's really cool I'm going to eventually
review the rest of my adam hughes pieces
as well I have them all beside shop I'm
going to get to the Mary Jane hopefully
in the black queen soon but this is a
great piece one of my first one of my
favorites sideshow adam hughes road Paul
maquette regular edition this is statue
on 275 signing out another great piece
from adam hughes